Add `cap_html_filtering` define (#397)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

        - `adguard_ext_opera` — AdGuard Browser Extension for Opera
        - `adguard_ext_android_cb` — AdGuard Content Blocker for mobile Samsung and Yandex browsers
        - `ext_ublock` — special case; this one is declared when a uBlock version of a filter is compiled by the [FiltersRegistry]

>         - `cap_html_filtering` - products that have HTML filtering capability - AdGuard for Windows, Mac and Android

Reviewer: it's not supported by tsurlfilter or filters-downloader, is it? is there any task for that?

Author: It may be supported by AdGuard Browser Extension for Firefox since it does HTML filtering.

The task: https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardBrowserExtension/issues/2259

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - `cap_html_filtering` — products that support HTML filtering rules: AdGuard for Windows, AdGuard for Mac, and AdGuard for Android
```
